Robbie's airing will talk Android and
we're looking at the Samsung smart home
app there's a lot of different
connectivity that they're going to have
light bulbs washers and go right through
here and there's all the different
things that they have so for example if
you want to look at your lights you can
go in here now there's connectivity
issues here's and you can quite imagine
with being at CES here are tons of
people on the Wi-Fi but you can set up
different bedrooms living rooms turn
them off and on you can set up you know
different settings like for work
studying away and go back here and then
you can also set up different programs
over here you have the master key which
off the whole thing set up and your food
manager for the frigerator you can set
up memos you also have here different
video cameras that you can have
that's not topping right now
courses in the final version of software
this will be coming out in the summer so
you can have it again these would have
pictures in them but due to Wi-Fi issues
here you don't so you can switch between
different camera views in the house and
then you can say you know coming home
good night
different settings there and then you
can add devices here just by hitting add
and then these are things that already
set up I believe so you can just go
through when you add new device robot
cleaner and the different items
and so there's an AC there I don't know
if it'll load probably not excuse me and
that's it that's a smart home for thanks